here's your chance to get to know our
new recruit Sarah wall now Sarah you
have some competition with fake tanning
stakes who do things leading at the
moment look I feel that I'm really
coming last in the team this is a
problem yet Renee he's definitely up
there and Kathleen Ott's really come
through in the last couple of weeks so
it's been really impressive like half
and you have to replace all those
massage towers because seems that every
time you get off the table there's
orange stains all over them well I think
actually you'll notice baby shirts been
a bit different but I in the past and
supply gummy with tails myself but this
year even he'll stick to me and say that
he hasn't had to worry about that Lee
she isn't a new product you using no
it's just natural this year fantastic
now you do have the nickname bull ants
where did that come from it's a long
story actually dates back to the first
Phoenix days but it's about a one of our
role models between a couple of players
and I think um we'll have to keep that
one pretty quiet just an in-house top
joke okay you got to the call up into
the team quite late but how do you feel
about it I was really excited when I
heard that I got the opportunity to come
back and just to play with the girls it
like best mates to me and like family so
just really excited and really looking
forward to a great year and who would
your best friend in the team be um
that's a tough one because I filled I'm
best friends with everyone but um
definitely loved my roomie Jules when we
go away together but I look they
honestly it would have to be you oh I
was more thinking the coach ah right
okay yeah sure um look up I mean she's
definitely up there which is got to be
the competition good to know and the
last thing best thing about being a
vixen and is definitely the friendship
and witty because that's what we do
thanks Darrell